Generate and edit images on Vertex AI | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud Documentation Skip to main content Technology areas close AI and ML Application development Application hosting Compute Data analytics and pipelines Databases Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud Industry solutions Migration Networking Observability and monitoring Security Storage Cross-product tools close Access and resources management Costs and usage management Infrastructure as code SDK, languages, frameworks, and tools / Console English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Português – Brasil 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Vertex AI Generative AI on Vertex AI Start free Guides API reference Vertex AI Cookbook Prompt gallery Resources FAQ Pricing Technology areas More Guides API reference Vertex AI Cookbook Prompt gallery Resources FAQ Pricing Cross-product tools More Console Discover Overview of Generative AI on Vertex AI Generative AI beginner's guide Glossary Get started Quickstart Get an API key Configure application default credentials Vertex AI Studio quickstart Migrate from Google AI Studio to Vertex AI Deploy your Vertex AI Studio prompt as a web application Vertex AI Studio capabilities Get started with Gemini 3 Gemini 3 prompting guide Google GenAI libraries Compatibility with OpenAI library Vertex AI in express mode Overview Console tutorial API tutorial Select models Model Garden Overview of Model Garden Use models in Model Garden Test model capabilities Google Models All Google models Gemini Migrate to the latest Gemini models Pro Gemini 3.1 Pro Gemini 3 Pro Gemini 3 Pro Image Gemini 2.5 Pro Flash Gemini 3.1 Flash Image Gemini 3 Flash Gemini 2.5 Flash Gemini 2.5 Flash Image Gemini 2.5 Flash Live API Gemini 2.0 Flash Flash-Lite Gemini 3.1 Flash-Lite Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite Gemini 2.0 Flash-Lite Embedding Gemini Embedding 2 Imagen Imagen 3 Imagen 4 Virtual Try-On Imagen 4.0 upscale Preview Veo Veo 2 Veo 3 Veo 3.1 Lyria Lyria 2 Lyria 3 Model versions Partner Models Partner models overview Claude Overview Request predictions Batch predictions Prompt caching Count tokens Web search Safety classifiers Model details Claude Opus 4.7 Claude Sonnet 4.6 Claude Opus 4.6 Claude Opus 4.5 Claude Sonnet 4.5 Claude Opus 4.1 Claude Haiku 4.5 Claude Opus 4 Claude Sonnet 4 Grok Overview Function calling Structured output Reasoning Model details Grok 4.1 Fast Grok 4.20 Mistral AI Overview Model details Mistral Medium 3 Mistral OCR (25.05) Mistral Small 3.1 (25.03) Codestral 2 Deploy partner models from Model Garden Model deprecations (MaaS) Open Models Overview DeepSeek Overview DeepSeek-V3.2 DeepSeek-V3.1 DeepSeek-R1-0528 DeepSeek-OCR Embedding (e5) Multilingual E5 Small Multilingual E5 Large Google Gemma Model-as-a-Service (MaaS) Gemma-4-26B-A4B-IT MaaS Use Gemma Tutorial: Deploy and inference Gemma (GPU) Tutorial: Deploy and inference Gemma (TPU) Kimi Overview Kimi K2 Thinking Llama Overview Request predictions Model details Llama 4 Maverick Llama 4 Scout Llama 3.3 MiniMax Overview MiniMax M2 OpenAI Overview OpenAI gpt-oss-120b OpenAI gpt-oss-20b Qwen Overview Qwen 3 Next Instruct 80B Qwen 3 Next Thinking 80B Qwen 3 Coder Qwen 3 235B ZAI.org Overview GLM 5 GLM 4.7 Managed open models (MaaS) Overview Use open models via Model as a Service (MaaS) Grant access to open models API Call MaaS APIs for open models Function calling Thinking Structured output Batch prediction Self-deployed open models Overview Deploy open models Deploy open models from Model Garden Deploy open models with prebuilt containers Deploy open models with a custom vLLM container Deploy models with custom weights Use Hugging Face Models Tutorials Optimize model performance with advanced features in Model Garden Hex-LLM Comprehensive guide to vLLM for Text and Multimodal LLM Serving (GPU) vLLM TPU xDiT Deploy Llamma 3 models with SpotVM and Reservations Build Agents Vertex AI Agent Builder documentation Prompt design Introduction to prompting Prompting strategies Overview Give clear and specific instructions Use system instructions Include few-shot examples Add contextual information Structure prompts Compare prompts Instruct the model to explain its reasoning Break down complex tasks Experiment with parameter values Prompt iteration strategies Task-specific prompt guidance Design multimodal prompts Design chat prompts Design medical text prompts Capabilities Safety Overview Responsible AI System instructions for safety Configure content filters Gemini for safety filtering and content moderation Abuse monitoring Process blocked responses Content Credentials Text and code generation Text generation System instructions Function calling Structured output Content generation parameters Code execution Medical text Image generation Overview Image generation with Gemini Generate images with Gemini Edit images with Gemini Gemini image generation best practices Gemini image generation limitations Responsible AI and usage for Gemini image generation Image generation with Imagen Generate images with Imagen Edit images with Imagen Overview Insert objects into an image using inpaint Remove objects from an image using inpaint Expand the content of an image using outpaint Replace the background of an image Configure Imagen parameters Configure Responsible AI safety settings Use prompt rewriter Set text prompt language Configure aspect ratio Set output resolution Omit content using a negative prompt Generate deterministic images Generate images for retail and e-commerce Generate Virtual Try-On images Customize images Subject customization Style customization Controlled Customization Instruct Customization Upscale images Prompt and image attribute guide Base64 encode and decode files Responsible AI and usage guidelines for Imagen Video generation Introduction to Veo Text to video First frame image to video First and last frames to video Ingredients to videos with image references Extend videos Insert objects Remove objects Veo prompt guide Veo best practices Turn off Veo's prompt rewriter Responsible AI for Veo Music generation Introduction to Lyria Generate music using Lyria Lyria prompt guide Media analysis Image understanding Video understanding Audio understanding Document understanding Bounding box detection Grounding Overview Grounding with Google Search Grounding with Google Maps Grounding with Vertex AI Search Grounding with your search API Grounding responses using RAG Grounding with Elasticsearch Grounding with Parallel Web Search Grounding with Exa Web Search Web Grounding for Enterprise URL context Thinking Overview Thought signatures Computer Use Live API Overview Get started Get started using the Gen AI SDK Get started using WebSockets Get started using ADK Start and manage live sessions Send audio and video streams Configure language and voice Configure Gemini capabilities Best practices with Live API Troubleshooting Live API Demo apps and resources Embeddings Overview Text embeddings Get text embeddings Choose an embeddings task type Get multimodal embeddings Get batch embeddings inferences Translation Generate speech from text Transcribe speech Development tools Use AI-powered prompt writing tools Overview Optimize prompts Overview Zero-shot optimizer Few-shot optimizer Data-driven optimizer Use prompt templates RAG Engine RAG overview RAG quickstart RAG Engine billing Deployment modes in RAG Engine Overview Managing Spanner mode Serverless mode Switching between modes Data ingestion Supported models Generative models Embedding models Document parsing Supported documents Fine-tune RAG transformations Use Document AI layout parser Use the LLM parser Vector database choices in RAG Overview of vector database choices Use RagManagedDb with RAG Use Vertex AI Vector Search 2.0 with RAG Use Vertex AI Vector Search with RAG Use Feature Store with RAG Use Weaviate with RAG Use Pinecone with RAG Use Vertex AI Search with RAG Reranking for RAG Manage your RAG corpus Filter with metadata search Use CMEK with RAG RAG quotas Use RAG in Gemini Live API RAG Cross Corpus Retrieval Tokenizer List and count tokens Use the Count Tokens API Multimodal datasets Use Vertex AI Search Model tuning Introduction to tuning Tuning Gemini models Supervised fine-tuning About supervised fine-tuning Prepare your data Use supervised fine-tuning Supported modalities Text tuning Document tuning Image tuning Audio tuning Video tuning Tune function calling Preference tuning About preference tuning Prepare your data Use preference tuning Use tuning checkpoints Use continuous tuning Open models Embeddings models Tune text embeddings models Translation models About supervised fine-tuning Prepare your data Use supervised fine-tuning Tuning recommendations with LoRA and QLoRA Migrate Call Vertex AI models using OpenAI libraries Overview Authenticate Examples Migrate from OpenAI SDK Evaluate Overview Tutorial: Perform evaluation using the console Perform evaluation using the GenAI Client in Vertex AI SDK Tutorial: Evaluate models using the GenAI Client in Vertex AI SDK Define your evaluation metrics Define your evaluation metrics Details for managed rubric-based metrics Prepare your evaluation dataset Run an evaluation View and interpret evaluation results Evaluate agents Alternative evaluation methods Evaluate using the evaluation module in Vertex AI SDK Tutorial: Perform evaluation using the evaluation module in Vertex AI SDK Define your evaluation metrics Prepare your evaluation dataset Run an evaluation Interpret evaluation results Templates for model-based metrics Evaluate agents Evaluate a judge model Configure a judge model Run AutoSxS pipeline Run a computation-based evaluation pipeline Deploy Consumption options overview Provisioned Throughput Provisioned Throughput overview Supported models Calculate Provisioned Throughput requirements Provisioned Throughput for Live API Provisioned Throughput for Veo 3 models Single Zone Provisioned Throughput Purchase Provisioned Throughput Use Provisioned Throughput PayGo Standard PayGo Priority PayGo Flex PayGo Batch inference Overview Create batch job from Cloud Storage Create batch job from BigQuery Resume an incomplete batch job Quotas and system limits Cache reused prompt context Overview Create a context cache Use a context cache Get context cache information Update a context cache Delete a context cache Context cache for fine-tuned Gemini models Deploy generative AI models Troubleshooting error code 429 Retry strategy Administer Access control Networking Security controls Control access to Model Garden models Enable Data Access audit logs Save and share prompts Monitor models Monitor cost using custom metadata labels Request-response logging Secure a gen AI app by using IAP Overview Set up your project and source repository Create a Cloud Run service Create a load balancer Configure IAP Test your IAP-secured app Clean up your project Go to Vertex AI documentation Vertex AI documentation AI and ML Application development Application hosting Compute Data analytics and pipelines Databases Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud Industry solutions Migration Networking Observability and monitoring Security Storage Access and resources management Costs and usage management Infrastructure as code SDK, languages, frameworks, and tools Vertex AI is transitioning to become part of Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform. See the most up-to-date information in the Agent Platform documentation . Home Documentation AI and ML Vertex AI Generative AI on Vertex AI Guides Send feedback Generate and edit images on Vertex AI Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Caution: The following table describes image generation endpoints that are deprecated and their replacements. We recommend updating your model endpoints before June 30, 2026, to avoid service disruption. Discontinued endpoints Recommended endpoint migration imagegeneration@002 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagegeneration@003 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagegeneration@004 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagegeneration@005 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagegeneration@006 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagetext@001 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-3.0-capability-001 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-3.0-capability-002 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-3.0-fast-generate-001 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-3.0-generate-001 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-3.0-generate-002 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-4.0-fast-generate-001 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-4.0-generate-001 gemini-2.5-flash-image imagen-4.0-ultra-generate-001 gemini-2.5-flash-image API reference overview : To view an overview of the API options for image generation and editing, see the imagegeneration model API reference . Gemini and Imagen on Vertex AI bring Google's state of the art image generative AI capabilities to application developers. With Gemini and Imagen on Vertex AI on Vertex AI, application developers can build next-generation AI products that transform their user's imagination into high-quality visual assets using AI generation, in seconds. Try image generation (Vertex AI Studio) Try Imagen in a Colab With Gemini and Imagen, you can do the following: Generate novel images using only a text prompt (text-to-image AI generation). Edit or expand an uploaded or generated image using a mask area you define. Upscale existing, generated, or edited images. Prompts for preceding images These images are generated using the general Imagen 3 image generation model ( imagen-3.0-generate-002 ) and the following prompts: Claymation scene. A medium wide shot of an elderly woman. She is wearing flowing clothing. She is standing in a lush garden watering the plants with an orange watering can Shot in the style of DSLR camera with the polarizing filter. A photo of two hot air balloons over the unique rock formations in Cappadocia, Turkey. The colors and patterns on these balloons contrast beautifully against the earthy tones of the landscape below. This shot captures the sense of adventure that comes with enjoying such an experience. A weathered, wooden mech robot covered in flowering vines stands peacefully in a field of tall wildflowers, with a a small blue bird resting on its outstrecteched hand. Digital Cartoon, with warm colors and soft lines. A large cliff with a waterfall looms behind. A view of a person's hand as they hold a little clay figurine of a bird in their hand and sculpt it with a modeling tool in their other hand. You can see the sculptor's scarf. Their hands are covered in clay dust. A macro DSLR image highlighting the texture and craftsmanship. A large, colorful bouquet of flowers in an old blue glass vase on the table. In front is one beautiful peony flower surrounded by various other blossoms like roses, lilies, daisies, orchids, fruits, berries, green leaves. The background is dark gray. Oil painting in the style of the Dutch Golden Age. A single comic book panel of a boy and his father on a grassy hill, staring at the sunset. A speech bubble points from the boy's mouth and says: The sun will rise again. Muted, late 1990s coloring style Quickstart: Generate images from text prompts using Imagen You can generate novel images using only descriptive text as an input. The following samples show a simplified case for generating images, but you can use additional parameters to tailor the generated images to your needs. Sign in to your Google Cloud account. If you're new to Google Cloud, create an account to evaluate how our products perform in real-world scenarios. New customers also get $300 in free credits to run, test, and deploy workloads. In the Google Cloud console, on the project selector page, select or create a Google Cloud project. Roles required to select or create a project Select a project : Selecting a project doesn't require a specific IAM role—you can select any project that you've been granted a role on. Create a project : To create a project, you need the Project Creator role ( roles/resourcemanager.projectCreator ), which contains the resourcemanager.projects.create permission. Learn how to grant roles . Note : If you don't plan to keep the resources that you create in this procedure, create a project instead of selecting an existing project. After you finish these steps, you can delete the project, removing all resources associated with the project. Go to project selector Verify that billing is enabled for your Google Cloud project . Enable the Vertex AI API. Roles required to enable APIs To enable APIs, you need the Service Usage Admin IAM role ( roles/serviceusage.serviceUsageAdmin ), which contains the serviceusage.services.enable permission. Learn how to grant roles . Enable the API In the Google Cloud console, on the project selector page, select or create a Google Cloud project. Roles required to select or create a project Select a project : Selecting a project doesn't require a specific IAM role—you can select any project that you've been granted a role on. Create a project : To create a project, you need the Project Creator role ( roles/resourcemanager.projectCreator ), which contains the resourcemanager.projects.create permission. Learn how to grant roles . Note : If you don't plan to keep the resources that you create in this procedure, create a project instead of selecting an existing project. After you finish these steps, you can delete the project, removing all resources associated with the project. Go to project selector Verify that billing is enabled for your Google Cloud project . Enable the Vertex AI API. Roles required to enable APIs To enable APIs, you need the Service Usage Admin IAM role ( roles/serviceusage.serviceUsageAdmin ), which contains the serviceusage.services.enable permission. Learn how to grant roles . Enable the API Set up authentication for your environment. Select the tab for how you plan to use the samples on this page: Python To use the Python samples on this page in a local development environment, install and initialize the gcloud CLI, and then set up Application Default Credentials with your user credentials. Install the Google Cloud CLI. If you're using an external identity provider (IdP), you must first sign in to the gcloud CLI with your federated identity . If you're using a local shell, then create local authentication credentials for your user account: gcloud auth application-default login You don't need to do this if you're using Cloud Shell. If an authentication error is returned, and you are using an external identity provider (IdP), confirm that you have signed in to the gcloud CLI with your federated identity . For more information, see Set up ADC for a local development environment in the Google Cloud authentication documentation. REST To use the REST API samples on this page in a local development environment, you use the credentials you provide to the gcloud CLI. Install the Google Cloud CLI. If you're using an external identity provider (IdP), you must first sign in to the gcloud CLI with your federated identity . For more information, see Authenticate for using REST in the Google Cloud authentication documentation. Use the following samples to generate an image: Python from google import genai from google.genai.types import GenerateImagesConfig client = genai . Client () # TODO(developer): Update and un-comment below line # output_file = "output-image.png" image = client . models . generate_images ( model = "imagen-4.0-generate-001" , prompt = "A dog reading a newspaper" , config = GenerateImagesConfig ( image_size = "2K" , ), ) image . generated_images [ 0 ] . image . save ( output_file ) print ( f "Created output image using { len ( image . generated_images [ 0 ] . image . image_bytes ) } bytes" ) # Example response: # Created output image using 1234567 bytes REST Set environment variables: export GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT = GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT # Replace with your Google Cloud project export GOOGLE_CLOUD_LOCATION = us-central1 # Replace with the appropriate location for your project Run the following: curl -X POST \ -H "Authorization: Bearer $( gcloud auth print-access-token ) " \ -H "Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8" \ "https:// ${ GOOGLE_CLOUD_LOCATION } -aiplatform.googleapis.com/v1/projects/ ${ GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT } /locations/ ${ GOOGLE_CLOUD_LOCATION } /publishers/google/models/imagen-4.0-generate-preview-05-20:predict" -d \ $'{ "instances": [ { "prompt": "a cat reading a book" } ], "parameters": { "sampleCount": 1 } }' The model returns a base64 image bytes object. For more information, see the Imagen Generate images API . When to use Gemini or Imagen on Vertex AI In addition to using Gemini's built-in image generation capabilities, you can also access Imagen , our specialized image generation model. Attribute Gemini Image Imagen 4 Strengths Default recommendation. Unparalleled flexibility, contextual understanding, and mask-free editing. Uniquely capable of multi-turn conversational editing. Best quality/latency Availability Generally available Generally available Latency Higher. More computation is required for its advanced capabilities. Low. Optimized for near-real-time performance. Cost Token-based pricing. Cost-effective for specialized tasks. Recommended tasks Interleaved text and image generation to seamlessly blend text and images. Combine creative elements from multiple images with a single prompt. Make highly specific edits to images, modify individual elements with language commands, and iteratively work on an image. Apply a specific design or texture from one image to another while preserving the original subject's form and details. Image quality, photorealism, artistic detail, or specific styles (for example, impressionism and anime) are top priorities. Infusing branding, style, or generating logos and product designs. Generating advanced spelling or typography. We recommend Gemini as a starting point for generating images. Choose Imagen 4 Ultra for advanced use-cases or when you need the best image quality. Model versions There are multiple image generation models that you can use. For more information, see Gemini models or Imagen models . Try more examples To learn more, run the following notebooks in the environment of your choice: "Gemini 3 Pro Image Generation in Vertex AI": Open in Colab | Open in Colab Enterprise | Open in Vertex AI Workbench | View on GitHub "Gemini 2.5 Flash Image Generation in Vertex AI": Open in Colab | Open in Colab Enterprise | Open in Vertex AI Workbench | View on GitHub "Imagen 4 Image Generation": Open in Colab | Open in Colab Enterprise | Open in Vertex AI Workbench | View on GitHub "Imagen 3 Image Editing": Open in Colab | Open in Colab Enterprise | Open in Vertex AI Workbench | View on GitHub For a full list of Jupyter notebook tutorials using Imagen, see the Generative AI on Vertex AI cookbook . What's next Use the following links to view the feature documentation. Prompt guide See how to write effective prompts to generate images. How-to: generate images Learn how to generate images with Imagen on Vertex AI. Reference: generate images Learn about optional and required fields when sending an Imagen image generation request. Image credit: All images generated using Imagen on Vertex AI. Send feedback Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License , and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License . For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies . Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Last updated 2026-04-24 UTC. Need to tell us more? [[["Easy to understand","easyToUnderstand","thumb-up"],["Solved my problem","solvedMyProblem","thumb-up"],["Other","otherUp","thumb-up"]],[["Hard to understand","hardToUnderstand","thumb-down"],["Incorrect information or sample code","incorrectInformationOrSampleCode","thumb-down"],["Missing the information/samples I need","missingTheInformationSamplesINeed","thumb-down"],["Other","otherDown","thumb-down"]],["Last updated 2026-04-24 UTC."],[],[]] Products and pricing See all products Google Cloud pricing Google Cloud Marketplace Contact sales Support Community forums Support Release Notes System status Resources GitHub Getting Started with Google Cloud Code samples Cloud Architecture Center Training and Certification Engage Blog Events X (Twitter) Google Cloud on YouTube Google Cloud Tech on YouTube About Google Privacy Site terms Google Cloud terms Manage cookies Our third decade of climate action: join us Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter Subscribe English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Português – Brasil 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어