Discord - Group Chat That’s All Fun & Games Skip to main content Download 1 of 9 Nitro 2 of 9 Discover 3 of 9 Safety 4 of 9 Resources Family Center 1 of 9 Safety Library 2 of 9 Safety News 3 of 9 Teen Charter 4 of 9 Hubs Parent Hub 5 of 9 Policy Hub 6 of 9 Privacy Hub 7 of 9 Transparency Hub 8 of 9 Wellbeing Hub 9 of 9 Quests 5 of 9 Resources Advertising 1 of 3 Success Stories 2 of 3 Quests FAQ 3 of 3 Support 6 of 9 Resources Help Center 1 of 3 Feedback 2 of 3 Submit a Request 3 of 3 Blog 7 of 9 Collections Featured 1 of 7 Community 2 of 7 Discord HQ 3 of 7 Engineering & Developers 4 of 7 How to Discord 5 of 7 Policy & Safety 6 of 7 Product & Features 7 of 7 Developers 8 of 9 Learn Discord for Game Developers 1 of 10 Integration 2 of 10 Social Commerce 3 of 10 Apps & Activities 4 of 10 Developer Newsletter 5 of 10 Developer Case Studies 6 of 10 Build Official Game Communities 7 of 10 Developer Portal 8 of 10 Documentation 9 of 10 Developer Help Center 10 of 10 Careers 9 of 9 Log In Log in Download Nitro Discover Safety Safety Resources Family Center Safety Library Safety News Teen Charter Hubs Parent Hub Policy Hub Privacy Hub Transparency Hub Wellbeing Hub Quests Quests Resources Advertising Success Stories Quests FAQ Support Support Resources Help Center Feedback Submit a Request Blog Blog Collections Featured Community Discord HQ Engineering & Developers How to Discord Policy & Safety Product & Features Developers Developers Learn Discord for Game Developers Integration Social Commerce Apps and Activities Developer Newsletter Developer Case Studies Documentation Official Game Communities Developer Portal Documentation Developer Help Center Careers Log In App Store Group chat that’s all fun & games Discord is great for playing games and chilling with friends, or even building a worldwide community. Customize your own space to talk, play, and hang out. Download for Windows Open Discord in your browser find your friends on discord. Download MAKE YOUR GROUP CHATS MORE FUN Use custom emoji, stickers, soundboard effects and more to add your personality to your voice, video, or text chat. Set your avatar and a custom status, and write your own profile to show up in chat your way. stream like you’re in the same room High quality and low latency streaming makes it feel like you're hanging out on the couch with friends while playing a game, watching shows, looking at photos, or idk doing homework or something. Hop in when you're free, no need to call Easily hop in and out of voice or text chats without having to call or invite anyone, so your party chat lasts before, during, and after your game session. talk play chat hang out talk play chat hang out talk play chat hang out talk play chat hang out See who's around to chill See who's around, playing games, or just hanging out. For supported games, you can see what modes or characters your friends are playing and directly join up. always have something to do together Watch videos, play built-in games, listen to music, or just scroll together and spam memes. Seamlessly text, call, video chat, and play games, all in one group chat. wherever YOU GAME, HANG OUT HERE On your PC, phone, or console, you can still hang out on Discord. Easily switch between devices and use tools to manage multiple group chats with friends. YOU CAN'T SCROLL ANYMORE. BETTER GO CHAT. Download for Mac /* For Chrome and Safari */ .dropdown-language-list-wr::-webkit-scrollbar { width: 5px; } .dropdown-language-list-wr::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb { background-color: white; border-radius: 3px; } .dropdown-language-list-wr::-webkit-scrollbar-track { margin-top:1.75rem; margin-bottom:1.75rem; } .dropdown-language-list-wr::-webkit-scrollbar-button { display:none; } Language English (US) Čeština Dansk Deutsch English English (UK) Español Español (América Latina) Français Hrvatski Italiano lietuvių kalba Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (Brasil) Română Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά български Русский Українська हिंदी ไทย 한국어 中文 中文(繁體) 日本語 Social Menu Product Product Download Nitro Status App Directory Company Company About Jobs Brand Newsroom Resources Resources Support Safety Blog Creators Community Developers Quests Official 3rd Party Merch Feedback Policies Policies Terms Privacy Cookie Settings Guidelines Acknowledgements Licenses Company Information Social --> >-->