Exa | Web Search API, AI Search Engine, & Website Crawler Exa is a modern AI search engine with SERP API, website crawler tools, and deep research API. Power your app with web search AI and web crawling API. Exa is a modern AI search engine with SERP API, website crawler tools, and deep research API. Power your app with web search AI and web crawling API. API Dashboard Try Websets Products Search Contents Answer Websets Company Careers We're hiring About Research Case Studies Contact us Team Blog Brand Developers Prompt builder API Dashboard Demos Docs GitHub API Status FAQ MCP Server Integrations Pricing Research Products Company Developers Docs Research Pricing Contact sales Sign in The best search API for AI Powering agents with fast, high-quality web search Try API for free Try Websets Instant Auto Deep Links "results" : [ ] Open in API Playground Benchmarks Highest performance across every use case Best-in-class accuracy and latency across the most challenging benchmarks. Accuracy Exa leads across FRAMES, Tip-of-Tongue, and Seal0 — the most demanding retrieval benchmarks. Latency Exa Instant returns results in under 180ms, faster than any other search provider. Search Verticals Best-in-class across company search, people search, and code — not just general web queries. Exa Perplexity Brave Exa Perplexity Brave Accuracy (%) 0 % 10 % 20 % 30 % 40 % 50 % 60 % 54.4 % 44.5 % 21.6 % 54.2 % 36.7 % 19.3 % 36 % 34.5 % 8.2 % FRAMES Tip-of-Tongue Seal0 Search API Powerful features built into your search Structured Output "content" : { "companies" : [ { "company_name" : "General Electric", "ceo_name" : "Larry Culp", "founded_year" : 1892 }, { "company_name" : "RTX", "ceo_name" : "Christopher T. Calio", "founded_year" : 2020 }, { "company_name" : "Boeing", "ceo_name" : "Kelly Ortberg", "founded_year" : 1916 } ] }, Extracts structured outputs from Exa's database of 70M+ companies Deep web research with structured outputs Structured outputs enable complex enrichment workflows requiring web search. Search with structured outputs → Extracts structured outputs from Exa's database of 70M+ companies 70M+ Powers their coding agents with Exa's low-latency web search Industry-leading web index built for agents Dedicated high quality web indexes for every use case: people, companies, code docs, financial data, and news. Use Exa's web indexes → Powers their coding agents with Exa's low-latency web search <180ms Highlights: On 90% TOKEN REDUCTION Wikipedia - Boeing airplanes , rotorcraft , rockets , satellites , and missiles worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aerospace manufacturers ; it is the fourth-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2022 revenue and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value. Boeing was founded in 1916 by William E. Boeing in Seattle , Washington. Uses highlights to reduce their token budgets and LLM costs by over 50% Token-efficient contents makes agents smarter Highlights extract the most relevant excerpts from pages for your query. Get webpage contents → Uses highlights to reduce their token budgets and LLM costs by over 50% 50% Enterprise-grade security and controls Talk to an expert → Zero Data Retention Ensure true privacy and compliance with customized ZDR. All queries and data can be automatically purged based on your requirements. SOC 2 Type II Certified Our security framework maintains the highest level of compliance with industry standards. Safe information processing and access control. Single-Sign On A seamless, secure login experience for your entire team. Built-in team authentication and authorization management. Trusted by world-class teams View all customer stories OpenRouter has a laser focus on bringing a great developer experience to all language models, and Exa is the best way we've found for grounding AI in the real world in a model-agnostic way. Alex Atallah CEO, OpenRouter Exa's strong coverage and flexible API have been a key differentiator for us. Scientists trust our product further when the relevant papers they expect to see are available to them in the right workflows. The ability to customize search based on the use case easily, is important. Naveed Janmohamed CEO, Anara When we saw companies show up in Exa that we hadn't found anywhere else, we knew it was our best option. It delivers, for a few dollars, what we'd been spending hundreds of thousands to assemble. David Boskovic CEO, Flatfile We use Exa for essentially all parts of our research—gathering sources, documenting, creating notes, and building briefs. Christopher Varner Head of Results Innovation StackAI and Exa are the dream team…Exa is amazing at web search! We're proud to use Exa on our platform and to show our customers how web search can power AI agent workflows. Bernard Aceituno Co-founder and President, StackAI Models are only as good as the data they're trained on, and Exa's search allowed us to get high quality data we couldn't find any other way. Jonathan Frankle Chief AI scientist, Databricks Search built for your AI The fastest, most accurate web search API. Give your agents the context they need. Try API for free Try Websets EXA LABS INC. Build a world with perfect search Products Pricing API Websets Company About Careers Blog Changelog Contact Developers API Dashboard Docs MCP Server Demos API Status FAQ Integrations Resources Research Evals Case studies Trust Center Security Connect Contact Sales Twitter Discord LinkedIn GitHub Privacy Terms